README.md, before:

### Running The Application

### Prerequisites
1. **Install Java Development Kit (JDK):**
    - Ensure JDK 17 is installed on your machine.
    - Set the `JAVA_HOME` environment variable.

2. **Install Maven:**
    - Ensure Maven is installed and configured on your machine.

### Running the Application

1. **Navigate to the Project Directory:**
   Open a terminal and navigate to the root directory of your Spring Boot project.

2. **Clean and Build the Project:**
   ```sh
   mvn clean install
   ```
   This command cleans the target directory, compiles the project, and packages the application into a JAR file named `ncba-0.0.1-SNAPSHOT.jar`.

3. **Run the Application:**
   You have two options to run your Spring Boot application:

   **Option 1: Using Maven Plugin**
   ```sh
   mvn spring-boot:run
   ```
   This command runs your application directly.

   **Option 2: Running the Packaged JAR**
    - Locate the JAR file in the `target` directory after the build.
    - Run the JAR file using the `java` command:
      ```sh
      java -jar target/ncba-0.0.1-SNAPSHOT.jar
      ```

### Postman Documentation

1. **Accessing Postman Documentation:**
    - The application's API documentation is available on Postman at [this link](https://documenter.getpostman.com/view/17519872/2sA3dxDris).
    - Use this documentation to understand the available endpoints, request methods, parameters, and sample responses.

Commit message:

Update the readme with the mysql instruction

README.md, after:

### Running The Application

### Prerequisites
1. **Install Java Development Kit (JDK):**
    - Ensure JDK 17 is installed on your machine.
    - Set the `JAVA_HOME` environment variable.

2. **Install Maven:**
    - Ensure Maven is installed and configured on your machine.

3. **Install MySQL:**

   - Download and install MySQL from the [official website](https://dev.mysql.com/downloads/installer/).
   - During the installation, set the root password for the MySQL server.

4. **Configure MySQL in Spring Boot:**

   Update your `application.properties` file with your MySQL configuration. Ensure you change the database username and password if they are different from the default values. For example, in `application.properties`:

   ```properties
   spring.datasource.url=jdbc:mysql://localhost:3306/ncba_db
   spring.datasource.username=root
   spring.datasource.password=your_root_password

### Running the Application

1. **Navigate to the Project Directory:**
   Open a terminal and navigate to the root directory of your Spring Boot project.

2. **Clean and Build the Project:**
   ```sh
   mvn clean install
   ```
   This command cleans the target directory, compiles the project, and packages the application into a JAR file named `ncba-0.0.1-SNAPSHOT.jar`.

3. **Run the Application:**
   You have two options to run your Spring Boot application:

   **Option 1: Using Maven Plugin**
   ```sh
   mvn spring-boot:run
   ```
   This command runs your application directly.

   **Option 2: Running the Packaged JAR**
    - Locate the JAR file in the `target` directory after the build.
    - Run the JAR file using the `java` command:
      ```sh
      java -jar target/ncba-0.0.1-SNAPSHOT.jar
      ```

### Postman Documentation

1. **Accessing Postman Documentation:**
    - The application's API documentation is available on Postman at [this link](https://documenter.getpostman.com/view/17519872/2sA3dxDris).
    - Use this documentation to understand the available endpoints, request methods, parameters, and sample responses.
